Answer 1:  The advantageous to have in your programs are follow:
        
		 a. Using function increase readability of a program.A big code is always difficult to read. Breaking the code in smaller Functions keeps the program organized, easy to understand and makes it reusable.
         b. The length of a source program can be reduced by using functions at appropriate places. This factor is particularly critical with microcomputers where memory space is limited.
         c. It is easy to locate and isolate a faulty function for further investigations.
		 
Answer 2: The code in a function executes when the function is called, not when the function is defined		 

Answer 3: In Python we use def keyword creates a function

Answer 4: A function is a block of code that does a particular operation and returns a result. It usually accepts inputs as parameters and returns a result. The parameters are not mandatory.
          i.e:
				def add(a,b)
				return a+ b
		A function call is the code used to pass control to a function.
          i.e:
				b = add(5,6)
				result will be 11.				 

Answer 5: There is one global scope, and a local scope is created whenever a function is called.					 

Answer 6: A local variable retains its value until the next time the function is called A local variable becomes undefined after the function call completes.

Answer 7: The value that a function returns to the caller is generally known as the function's return value.
          yes it possible to have a return value in an expression 
		   i.e 
		         def add(a,b)             // Here we are using Arithmetic Expressions
				   return a+ b
				   
Answer 8: If there is no return statement for a function, its return value is None.		

Answer 9 : you can use the global keyword to declare which variables are global		   
           x = "Gopal"
		   def myfunc():
			  global x
			  x = "fantastic"
		
           myfunc()
           print("Python is " + x)		
		   
Answer 10:The data type of None is NoneType.

Answer 11: import areallyourpetsnamederic do it's import areallyourpetsnamederic module and we can access the function inside this module(which isn't private function)

Answer 12: This function can be called with spam. bacon().

Answer 13: for crashing if it encounters an error we can do as follow:
            a.The statement inside the try block is executed.
            b.If the statement is successful, both except clauses are skipped and the code inside the finally clause is run.
		    c.If the statement inside the try block fails, the code in the first except statement is executed. If the statement fails due to a ValueError (i.e. not being able to convert a non-digit to an int), the code in the except ValueError block is run.
			
Answer 14: 
            The try block lets you test a block of code for errors.
			The except block lets you handle the error.
			i.e:
			// Here we didn't declare the value of X 
			try:
				print(x)
			except:
				print("An exception occurred")
			
		   